Add troubleshooting for Docker + Rosetta (#528)
kyma-project/serverless: components/serverless/README.md

4. Link libgit2 using:
   ```bash
   brew link libgit2
   ```

### Symptom

> Function Controller tests keep failing with such an error message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Function Controller tests keep failing with the following error message:
```

```
assertion failed [!result.is_error]: Failed to create temporary file
(ThreadContextFcntl.cpp:84 create_tempfile)
```

### Cause

> Docker engine uses Rosetta for virtualization, which causes issues on M1 Mac.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Docker engine uses Rosetta for virtualization, which causes issues on M1 Mac.
```

### Remedy

> Disable `Use Rosetta for x86/amd64 emulation on Apple Silicon` option in the Docker Desktop general settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disable the `Use Rosetta for x86/amd64 emulation on Apple Silicon` option in the Docker Desktop general settings.
```
